# Tourist-Advisor-Project
Created a website for travelers providing personalized itienararies, cultural insights, and accomondation for toursits visitng India and Japan using HTML,CSS, and JavaScript

# website organization
Our home page layout, in terms of its navigation, has been designed to provide users with the utmost ease and efficiency. Each section of the website includes a navigation menu, allowing users to easily navigate through different pages of the website. In addition to the navigation hub, our site, providing an overview of its content, advertises a specific promotion— the promotion of the unique cultures encompassed by Japan and India, two beautiful countries— to the users' inquiry. We described the two countries in brief summaries accompanied by a visual representation, aiming to bring the two dynamic cultures to the screen for users to engage upon.
The second page features an overview of the various tours, present in both Japan and India, available for tourists to partake in. We provided package deals, each consisting of an itinerary of the duration of one's stay alongside the potential expenses one may encounter. Similarly to the first page, the second page of our website includes a brief summary, highlighting intriguing details of what each country has to offer to its visitors, with a goal to spark an interest in individuals for a future visit. On the other hand, each card frame has JavaScript embedded into them, showcasing specific pictures each package has to offer. Likewise, on the top right, a currency conversion feature has been incorporated, allowing potential users to compare the prices amongst differing currencies. Additionally, we constructed a JavaScript file, allowing the automatic display of images and currencies from other countries.
Lastly, our third page serves as a source for contact information. As users engage on our previous pages, any curiosity or inquiries can be addressed by directly contacting the company through a range of options— emails, phone numbers, addresses, etc. If a desire to travel to either country arises, a sign-up form has also been featured on this page for users to interact with. The sign-up feature uses JavaScript to mimic an authentic and professional-looking form. In addition, if any part of the form has been filled incorrectly, a pop-up message will immediately follow. Furthermore, our footer section includes links to the company’s multiple social media platforms as an additional form of user interaction and customer engagement with the company.

# highlight
The section of the second page is emphasized to draw users in displaying the two countries that are highlighted. We implemented a card frame to present visuals for both Japan and India that will engage the users and spark their curiosity in travelling to either country. There is additional context given to provide a synopsis of the beauty, lifestyle and agriculture to the users.
To make it more attractive, an image slider is included for every trip advice. The slider will auto play the image of the trip in 2 seconds. This is done by using a jQuery script that initializes the Slick slider plugin on an HTML element with the class "slider". Also, we provide a real-time currency exchange function which allows users to check the cost of the trip in their currency. A JavaScript function named `convert()` that is called when a user clicks on the currency dropdown in order to exchange the currency. It then uses the `fetch()` method to retrieve the latest exchange rates from an API endpoint using the from currency as a parameter. The response is converted to JSON format and then the function iterates over all the elements with the class "price" to convert their values to the target currency using the retrieved exchange rate. After converting all the prices, the function updates the "from" dropdown menu to the target currency selected. The currency formatting is done using the `Intl.NumberFormat()` method, which formats the number into the specified currency with a comma separator and no decimal places.

